feat: Add Longhorn V2 Data Engine (#653)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

debug
```

### `longhorn-v2-data-engine-enabled` [Technical Preview]

**Versions**: v1.4.0 and later

> **Definition**: Enable the Longhorn V2 data engine.
> 
> Setting this to `true` will automatically load the kernel modules necessary for the Longhorn V2 data engine, and will attempt to allocate 1024 x 2MiB-sized huge pages (i.e. 2GiB of RAM) on all nodes. If you see "not enough hugepages-2Mi capacity" errors when applying this setting, wait a minute for the error to clear. If the error remains, reboot the affected node(s).
> 
> Changing this setting will restart RKE2 on all nodes. This will not affect running VM workloads.
> 
> If you wish to selectively disable the Longhorn V2 data engine on some nodes (for example on nodes with less CPU and/or RAM), go to the Hosts screen and add the label `node.longhorn.io/disable-v2-data-engine` with value `true` to those nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Definition**: Setting that enables and disables the Longhorn V2 Data Engine.

When set to `true`, Harvester automatically loads the kernel modules required by the Longhorn V2 Data Engine, and attempts to allocate 1024 × 2 MiB-sized huge pages (for example, 2 GiB of RAM) on all nodes. 

Changing this setting automatically restarts RKE2 on all nodes but does not affect running virtual machine workloads.

:::tip

If you encounter error messages that include the phrase "not enough hugepages-2Mi capacity", allow some time for the error to be resolved. If the error persists, reboot the affected nodes.

To disable the Longhorn V2 Data Engine on specific nodes (for example, nodes with less processing and memory resources), go to the **Hosts** screen and add the following label to the target nodes:
  
- label: `node.longhorn.io/disable-v2-data-engine`
- value: `true`

:::
```
